.TH "HEXALATE" "6" "April 2021" "Games"
.P
.SH "NAME"
.P
hexalate \- color matching game
.P
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.P
\fBhexalate\fP [options]
.P
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.P
Hexalate is a color matching game. The goal of the game is to rotate and
position the circles so that each touching line matches in color. You
rotate circles by right clicking, and you move circles by dragging them.
The game stores the positions and rotations of the circles across runs.
.P
.SH "OPTIONS"
.P
.TP
\fB\-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Displays help on commandline options.
.TP
\fB\-\-help-all\fP
Displays help including Qt specific options.
.TP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP
Displays version information.
.P
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.P
\fBqt5options\fP(7)
.P
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
.P
Report bugs to <hexalate@bugs.gottcode.org>.
.P
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.P
Copyright \(co 2009\-2021 Graeme Gott
.P
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.P
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.P
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.P
.SH "AUTHOR"
.P
Graeme Gott <graeme@gottcode.org>.
